or as I can tell you only got one
god-given right that is when a man and a
woman come together they may create
laughs I broke up with Chloe because god
help me because I think it's true about
me
it's a choice you cannot be born gay I'm
to your pockets do you have any numbers
or photos we should be concerned about
you must be a preacher's son mother and
I we cannot see a way that you can live
onto this roof if you're gonna
fundamentally go against God your
father's hand you went from a program to
fix you
is this a manly shape on naked if you
can you to themes for you I don't know
the college is really the best thing for
you a year with us may be a much better
use of your time
I imagine that God and the devil are
having a bet over me you believe in the
devil they look like me
just sit where is all this anger come
because you're making me angry crazy you
may have to walk away from everything
everyone a mother knows when something
isn't right you're gonna ruin that child
what are your actual qualifications mr.
side shame on you
with my beliefs they've set myself up to
lose you
and I've had to ask myself if I'm ready
for that whatever happens next it is
still your choice
[Music]